[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Who are the sixth
dimensional architects?
And how do they
create realities?
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano.
In this episode,
we will explore how
the architects create
life experiences
in the third dimension.
The last 2,000 years has
been difficult to understand
why we are here in this planet.
We had these different
ideas of how we came here.
And we are in a culture that was
created through the main idea
that we were separated in
between heaven and Earth.
So for us in the last 2,000
years, Earth was like a prison
from where we need to escape
from and to go back to heavens.
And we created the ideas of
the universe exactly the same
as we were living
here in this planet.
So that's why we create
a king in the skies--
God-- and also an
enemy from which we
the population have
to be protected from.
But this perspective
of darkness has
only no more than 3,000 years.
Actually for all the
ancient cultures,
darkness was just the
other side of light.
And both of them were
needed to create realities.
We were living in this world
because of both of them,
because they were treated
like the forces of nature
and the forces of heaven.
The two of them were
like husband and wife.
And they were trying
to raise their kids
in two different ways
but in the same family.
The wife was Earth.
So every shape
that our world has,
from every animal, every
plant, every mineral
from the underground was
related to the mother because
of the womb in the Earth.
So that is why all the shapes
of these creatures that
created the reality,
that feed us with energy
were all related to this mother.
And that is why the
last 2,000 years, when
we became monotheistic
religions and started
to see only the path
of God through the Son,
we started to believe that
everything that was on Earth
was bad, that everything that
was related to the mother,
to the womb, was bad.
And we created this idea that
all these animals and plants
that first were related to
the mother, to the creator,
now are the shapes from
what we have to escape from.
So that is why we created
this image of a demon
with horns, with big
eyes, with animal shapes.
So everyone could
realize that if you
find any of those symbols,
it would be bad for you.
And until today, we
have these images
that were created
just 2,000 years ago
that shape the idea of
this creator of evil.
And for the universe, this
is not really like that.
This is just human history.
And it is mostly
a history related
with Middle East, Europe, and
some parts of Africa and Asia.
For other regions of the
planet, the bad ones,
the evil was not written
like a bad thing.
They were treated like
the creators of realities.
And that is more related as
how the universe understands
the process of Lucifer.
Lucifer, which means the
"beautiful light," [LATIN],,
it was the name in
Latin with which
we knew this big archangel
that tried to build itself
through other perspectives,
not by expansion
but by contraction.
This was the son
of the universe,
that its own body was all light.
But because of
being that light, he
was kind of bored
that he only could see
one perspective of everything.
So he decided to transform
himself into the opposite
so he could play with
different tones of light.
The story says that he
was against his father.
His Father, God, the
universe, told to him
that he had to find
the path of light
because he was the
most beautiful light.
But his question was,
if I am the light,
how am I going to seek it?
The only way I can seek
the light if I am the light
is if I hide it, if I
put different colors
so I can mistake the light and
I can figure out how to find it.
And that is how the main
light of the universe
started to bend
itself in energies.
What we call
"light", the process
of light in the universe,
is what we call now energy.
Energy is the flow of
all the waves of time
moving through the space.
And these waves of energy
connects everything
in different levels
of vibration.
These different levels
of vibration of light
creates for the first
time what we call colors.
And the colors create the idea
of what we name today souls.
All the patterns of
souls are the ideas
and the main structures of the
registry of every experience
in the universe.
So the main light
fractalizes itself
in thousands of colors
coming from the main 12
colors of the rainbow.
These 12 that we have in
this spectrum of colors
would create so much
energy in a high vibration
and a low vibration, what
we call cold and hot,
positive and negative.
And these waves of
energy would create
different types of distortion.
This was the main
project of Lucifer,
creating distortion in reality.
So that created what we call
now the sixth dimension.
The sixth dimension was
the different vibrations
of the universe that were
allowed to create realities
from those distortions.
It's like if you are
creating so many distortions
from the first light that
you can see these reflections
like in mirrors.
And every mirror will
see a different shape.
And from those shapes, you would
be able to build realities.
Imagine that these first
structures that were created
were the main
geometry that we know,
the tetrahedron, cube,
octahedron, icosahedron,
and dodecahedron.
And after that, you
put them all together,
creating the sixth
one that creates
the six spheres of creation
in the sixth dimension.
So they are like the bricks
to build this building, which
is reality.
The main structures
of the universe,
the main bricks to
create everything,
were the product created
through the distortion
of this light that was bending
itself in different shapes.
So that's how Lucifer started
to create the main structures
for the universe to
create new realities.
And its main goal was
allowing the self, the spirit,
to split in many spirits.
So the spirits could
split in many souls.
And the souls could
split in many lives
so the lives could split
in many experiences,
like a tree that,
with all its branches
and flowers and
leaves, could show you
through the fractalization
how we could achieve more
light if we have thousands
of flowers and thousands
of leaves instead of having just
one flower or just one leaf.
That was the main idea--
reproducing ourselves
from the same shape
so we could have different
perspectives of ourselves
and different paths
towards the light.
These different paths
were the product
and the main job of the
architects of the universe.
The architects of the
universe were the archangels.
They came from the
aspects of the universe
in the seventh dimension.
And they started to
become themselves,
the vibration in these different
shapes, the bricks of reality.
When they came from
the seventh dimension
to the sixth dimension,
they become polar.
They start to be polarity.
And that is why, from
those six main structures,
they created the 12
structures from them.
These 12 structures would
be other perspectives
of these first five
bricks of creation.
And what you will have now
would be all the main structures
for atomic reactions.
The bigger you are
in the universe,
you are not going to see
galaxies or clusters or suns.
The bigger you are
in the universe,
the only thing you
can possibly see
is the main structures
in the atomic level.
And that is why
we can understand
that the sixth dimension is not
building realities from above.
They are building
realities from within.
The main structures that were
created in the sixth dimension
are the ones called now
the five Platonic solids.
And from them, the
expressions of these five
are the 12 phases
and the 12 structures
created by the
archangels, the self
body of the
archangels, what we now
call the Archimedian solids,
the Archimedian structures.
That's why the beings
in the sixth dimension
have to become those shapes
and transform in those shapes,
so they could show how
to build these realities.
So the first 12 main structures
of the universe, the geometry
or solids of Archimedes, they
are the main 12 structures
from which you could see every
atom organizing the structures
of every reality.
So there is no bigger
beings in the universe.
There are smaller beings
that reproduce itself
in so many levels that
we can have the space.
That is how the sixth dimension
creates the third dimension
through the holograms.
The holograms are
just one reality,
which are these 12 bricks coming
from the five central ones.
And from them, they just
play with each other.
They just use it like a LEGO.
And they start to
replicate these shapes
in different levels, projecting
the ideas into matter.
Projecting the
ideas into matter is
to bring the ether into the four
pillars, which are Earth, fire,
water, and air.
Ancient people used
to say that we were
built by these five elements.
But it's not because we
were built by the element.
But we were built by
the structures that
allows those elements to exist,
with all the atomic reactions
that happen in the tiny universe
where the sixth dimension is
happening.
So what Lucifer did
with the sixth dimension
was to allow all the beings
that were being created there
to shape themselves
into the positive ones
and the negative ones.
The positive ones would
be the ones leading
the ideas of the creation.
And the negative ones would
be those creating those ideas
and transforming
themselves in those ideas.
That's the idea that we have
today of angels and demons.
For the universe, there
is no angels and demons.
There are positive aspects
of the universe that are
divided into the core of light.
And there are different aspects
in the darkness spectrum
of the universe
creating the scenario.
All the backstage of this
theater, which is reality,
is created by the demons.
Demons are shapes, are geometry
from the very tiny universe
that are projecting the ideas
of the light into the matter.
That is how, in the
sixth dimension,
some physical beings can be
related to the ethereal ones.
The ethereal ones are
those like the angels that
reflect the lights
and its colors
and the purpose
of every creation.
And the darkest
ones, the demons,
are those who distort
the light of the angels
so the angels could
experience its own realities
and its own dreams.
So in the sixth dimension
and the fifth dimension,
there is no battle
between angels and demons.
They work together.
All the plan of the
creation between the light
and the darkness was
to create the shapes
in the sixth dimension,
in the atomic reactions
in the tiny universe so the
main source of the universe,
which is the spirit, could
be divided in thousands.
And from the main
trunk in the tree,
they could be split in different
arms, in different branches,
so they could see different
perspectives from the leaves,
from the flowers, and
then create fruits
that would feed
the seeds in order
to create a new universe that
we would call a new tree.
So that created the shape
of the tree of life.
The tree of life, the geometry,
and the spectrum of expansion
of the universe was decided
in the sixth dimension
by angels and demons.
They were the main cells of
the body of the archangels.
Archangels were these big bodies
trying to transform themselves
from these main structures,
the 12 structures
that Plato and Archimedes
tried to settle
so we could understand
the basis of the universe.
So from those shapes, what the
spirit could do was to divide;
to reflect and
suddenly find itself
into these billions of
shapes of evolution.
Evolution was a system designed
by Lucifer so the spirit could
improve itself.
But we have to think this.
Lucifer and the archangels
were not something different
from it.
They were the system.
They are the system.
It's not a being with eyes,
with hands creating stuff.
They are the system
itself trying to duplicate
in thousands of fractals.
So they are creating us.
So we are a hologram
that was created
from the sixth dimension.
And we are part of the
body of those beings.
This allows the spirits to
go through time and space
and to leave every reality.
This allows the
God to see, feel,
be connected to every reality
that we from this Earth
see separated with
different orders.
But they are not really
orders of structure.
They are just a flow of energy
that is transforming itself.
From our dimension,
the third dimension,
we are connected to
the sixth dimension
because we are meant to be the
creators of our own reality.
As I said some time
before, the 3, 6, and 9
are the path that we have
taken to the God, "God" meaning
the ninth dimension.
And three dimensions less,
we have the sixth dimension,
which is the creator
of the shapes
from the ninth dimension.
And the third dimension
is the experimentation
of these patterns in
the sixth dimension.
So that is why it's easier
for us in the third dimension
to be related with the
sixth dimension than beings
even in the fifth dimension
relating to the sixth one.
The first dimension,
the fifth dimension,
and the seventh
dimension are connected.
The second, the fourth, and
the eighth are connected.
And the third, sixth,
and ninth are connected.
So that is why the beings
in the fifth dimension
need to create paths
through the third dimension
in order to create realities.
And that is why beings
like Pleiadian people that
are really in high vibration,
to get into the sixth dimension,
need us in the third
dimension to get
to the core of the realities.
This explains why
so high level beings
are seen into us that they
are trying to contact humans,
beings in the third
dimension, because we
are the path through
where they can reach
the creation of realities.
We could say, why
are they using us?
And why can they be
harvesting energy
to reach the sixth
dimension through us
if we have free will?
Well, once you are in
the third dimension,
you are bounded by every
pattern you have thought about,
you have created.
So it's not someone
creating your own reality.
It's yourself creating
realities so you can live them.
Free will is not exactly as
we have thought it to be.
It's not just our ability to
choose our destiny in our life
and what we are willing to do.
But what really free
will is talking about
is our ability to
create our own life.
Imagine that you are someone
that is writing a story
to make a movie.
And then you wrote
the story and you
have the whole idea of what you
want to tell about this story.
And then you have to
make the costumes.
And then you have
to see who is going
to build all the backstage, who
is going to build everything
so it would seem real.
Then you have to learn
your own character.
You have to build the character,
which is your personality.
And from there, you need
to learn how to act.
And once you are on the play,
once you are being filmed,
you stop being yourself.
You become the character.
And you cannot do whatever you
want when you are filming it
because otherwise the
story won't make sense.
And that is why you don't have
free will, because you already
decided to live what
you have written.
And that is why, from the
fifth dimension, the ones that
are seeing all the
scripts of the movie,
they can change
some words in order
for it to make more sense.
And that is the holograms from
the fifth dimension helping
us to evolve and be
aware of our evolution.
A lot of beings in
the third dimension
are able to understand
how this works.
These beings were humans
that were so in touch
with the mother,
with nature, that
were the creators, the
elemental beings, the fairies,
the gnomes.
Every being that was
coming from the darkness
that we see with colors,
the creators of our nature,
they could speak to them
so they could understand
how to transform realities.
Those are the alchemists.
In history we call them
the druids, the physicians,
the architects, the
alchemists of history.
So we have a few of
them in every culture.
The shamans for North America
and Siberia and South America,
they all can understand
how reality works.
And they can transform
these realities.
They can open these portals
to create new realities
from nothing from
the sixth dimension
by using the ether that connects
us all to create patterns
in the outside.
It's important for
us to understand
how we can be related to the
sixth dimension because we
as humans believe that we are
the lowest part of the society
in the divine realm.
We believe that
we are the workers
and that we need this connection
with the enlightened ones,
with the masters,
with the angels
to reach God, like if God
is a king of this realm.
So we are there.
And then we have,
pushing our process
to the underground, all the
demons, all the creatures,
all the dark archangels until
we reach what we call Lucifer.
So we have this polarity.
And we don't realize that
this is not like a kingdom.
This is not like humans.
This is polarity, which is the
main structure that creates
atoms, that creates realities.
So we are bounded
by both of them.
And we are in the middle.
So we, in the third
dimension, are the ones
that are able to
reach and contact
the darkness and the light and
use it to create new realities.
And that is why in
the fifth dimension,
in the fourth dimension,
they all, in every species
and every race that exists
in different planets,
are looking into our
process of evolution
because what we
do now can change
the realities in
the sixth dimension,
creating new seeds
and new universes,
so new realities that can help
the universe to understand
itself in different ways.
So that is why it's important
for us in the third dimension
to understand our relationship
with the sixth dimension,
because we are more
related to the darkness,
to the backstage of this movie.
We are the ones able to
create our own realities.
We are the product of
our own architects.
So for us it's important, the
relation and understanding
of the sixth dimension, because
we are the ones here testing
our own realities, our own
thoughts, our own creation.
We are here enjoying
what we have created.
So it's our responsibility
and it's also
a joy to understand that
everything that is created
is created by us.
And when we reach
the sixth dimension,
we would be able to be the
builders of our own reality.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide Matias de Stefano.
In the next episode,
we will explore
how patterns are
designed and created
to allow the
evolution of species.